# CS_330_Comp_Graphics_Visualization

This project taught me a lot about computer graphics, a topic I really had not explored before. Through this project I learned about creating shapes, using basic shapes to create more complex, and creating multiple shapes in a scene. I also learned how to apply textures, add lighting, and create interactive buttons on your keyboard and mouse. While doing this work I tried to break my work down into parts. By creating the scene one step at a time not only did it make the process more manageable, but more organized as well. In the future when I work on programs that are more complex I think this strategy will be immensely helpful. 

While working on my 3D scene I practiced developing in small increments. This allowed me to write small pieces of the program at a time and test them. This allowed me to trouble shoot more effectively, as well as helped me stay organized. By iterating I was able build upon my program. Each week while working on the program I built upon the previous weeks work. This allowed me to take what I had already created and change it slightly as well as add to it to create new functionality in the program. Throughout the milestones the program became more complex, this meant I had to change my approach to completing them. I built upon my past milestones to prevent unnecessary extra work. I also made sure to thoroughly read through the readings so I would know how to go about building my program. 

As an aspiring software engineer, computational graphics and visualization has helped me greatly in my understanding of how graphics are rendered. This is important to have a good understanding of in order to be a more well-rounded software engineer. This will help with both my education and profession. 
